Position:
Web developer for intelligent industry projectsa

Company:
GOFORE PLC, Helsinki, Uusimaa, Finland

Job posting reference:
https://goforeplc.recruitee.com/o/web-developer-for-intelligent-industry-projects?source=Indeed

Job description
Web developers for intelligent industry projects

Is that you?
We are looking for developers eager to work in the intelligent industry. Our projects range from embedded systems for machines and equipment to complete industrial digitalisation solutions.

We design software for both physical devices and the cloud environment, and we solve problems from the product design stage, throughout development, to the end of the product lifecycle. We work in projects involving intelligent machines, energy, production, telecom, or health and wellbeing technologies.

Your skills will have a big impact. You will help clients with projects that are critical to their business. The digitalisation of industry will also help strengthen the competitiveness of Finland as a whole.

About us
In 2014, we received our first assignment: to encode software into a forest machine. There were two of us at the time. The customer liked the result. Soon we were asked to build systems for tractors, energy meters and other industrial solutions. That is why we needed more experts. A lot more.

Less than a decade later, we already have more than 130 experts. The desire to help customers even more and more internationally has grown. The merger with Gofore enabled us to bring together the Intelligent Industry that unites us.

We offer the diverse benefits of a large employer and a strong work community. Our mission is to help our customers get more out of their business, improve their end-user experience, and find new directions to grow their business.

What kinds of experts are we looking for

We hope you have a university degree in the field and a few years of practical experience either in backend, frontend or fullstack domain (JavaScript, Java or .NET)
You are familiar with multiple key technologies, libraries, frameworks, and tools related to your main expertise area in web development.
You have experience in working with cloud services such as Azure, AWS and/or Google Cloud.
You master agile software development methods.
You are interested in technical gadgets 🙂
You are an open and positive person with a strong desire to learn something new.
You can communicate fluently in both Finnish and / or English.
We want to find you a role that supports your talents and interests.

We value your strengths, so you get a competitive salary according to your skills. You can challenge yourself in interesting and innovative projects that have an impact on both the customer’s business and Finnish society at large. In projects, you get to take as much responsibility as you want but you don’t have to.

Together, we weigh projects that support your expertise and desire to develop. With us, you can create an expertise that looks like yourself. If you wish, you can delve into a specific focus area or expand your understanding in many industries and in many programming languages.

You get to work with the best professionals in the industry. Despite our rapid growth, there is immediate small house vibe here, so we believe you will enjoy yourself.

Salary development
For us it is important that Goforeans receive reasonable total compensation for their work. The compensation is the outcome of, not only experience and skills, but also active work for our two values: being a good workplace for everyone and considering customer perspective in everything we do. The feedback that you receive, your utilisation rate (we are consultants, after all!) and your own professional development are central in the salary discussions with your People Leader (i.e. supervisor).

We have different salary models, and in addition to the monthly salary, we have separate bonuses linked with the company’s success. Bonuses can be related to, for example, recruitment, sales or actions advancing Gofore’s employer brand.

Was there anything left to think about?
If you have any questions, don’t wait, just contact Petri Mähönen, he will be happy to help you.

Call or email Petri

P. 040 595 6563
petri.mahonen@gofore.com

We recognise and understand neurodiversity, and are willing to adapt our recruitment process based on your needs.
