Business Development Manager
QOCO Systems Ltd · Finland (Remote)

About the job
YOUR MISSION

An opportunity has arisen to join the world’s most advanced and innovative aerospace software digital application companies. You have the rare chance to become part of a world-leading company and be part of an energetic, fast-growing team that is revolutionising the whole aviation industry.

As a direct result of continued global growth, with clients, group entities, projects and employees in multiple geographic locations, we are looking for enthusiastic, skilled and high-quality candidates to join our ever-growing QOCO team. We believe passionately in our teams and strive to have a fully inclusive team atmosphere and everyone’s contribution is listened to. Although we work very differently from other tech companies, we strive for zero silos, an inclusive approach and respect.

The role covers all core aspects of Business Development within the EMEA region. The chosen candidate will quickly become an essential part of our team, working hard to improve QOCO’s market position, maintain our continued financial growth and ensure that our current relationships with our existing, valued clients are always supported and enhanced.

Our ideal candidate must have an excellent knowledge of aircraft technology and aircraft maintenance processes and the challenges these may bring to our clients. You’ll also have proven experience within the commercial aviation sector and a proven business and market development background. Above all, you’ll pay keen attention to detail, display a “can-do” attitude and possess the ability to “make things happen”.

YOUR PROFILE

Your focus will be on the following four areas, and you must have competencies in each.

Required tasks will be:

New Business Development

Develop a growth strategy focused both on financial gain and customer satisfaction
Grow, maintain, and leverage your network to prospect for new business opportunities.
Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organisation
Call/Email as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline.
Research & develop strategic plans to convert prospects into new clients.
Arrange meetings between client decision-makers and QOCO management & experts.
Qualify leads correctly with client discussion and market research
Plan persuasive approaches and pitches to convince potential clients to work with us.
Work with the team to develop proposals that foresee the client’s needs, concerns, and objectives.
Handle objections by clarifying, emphasising agreements and negotiating to a positive conclusion.
Ensure CRM system is entirely up to date weekly and that it is possible for others in our business to understand the data through discussion
Work across internal teams to engage on opportunities and align the best possible talent to support
Be accountable for your decisions and performance

Client Retention

Cross-sell / upsell new products and services and build long-term client relationships.
Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to exceed customer expectations.

Business Development Planning

Network at industry functions, such as association events and conferences, and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends.
Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales.
Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company’s unique selling propositions and differentiators.

Management and Research

Submit weekly progress reports and ensure data is accurate in our CRM system.
Ensure that data is accurately entered and managed within the company’s CRM or other sales management system.
Actively follow-up, track and record activity on accounts and help to close deals to meet targets.
Research and develop a thorough understanding of the company’s people and capabilities.
Understand the company’s goal and purpose and play your part in continually enhancing the company’s performance.
Able to work and communicate effectively with our marketing department

Our ideal candidate has/is:

Proficient in Microsoft Office,( Word, Excel, PowerPoint,TEAMs etc.)
Must have the right to live/work within the EU/UK
Good knowledge of CRM Systems [HubSpot] is desirable.
Excellent communication skills [both oral & written] and presentation skills
Capable of engaging with the customer and qualifying accounts
Outstanding organisational and planning abilities
Should be able to adapt communication style to suit different global audiences
Fluent in the English language [both oral & written]
A high degree of emotional intelligence, able to adapt to other cultures with empathy and understanding
Solid historical aerospace sales results
Analytical thinker and problem solver
Able to work independently with an understanding of commercial targets monthly
Willingness to travel internationally, around 40-60% is expected

To find out what it’s like working at QOCO from the team on the ground, and to read accounts from people who have been quickly recognised for their contributions to our success, please visit: http://www.QOCO.aero

Why us?

At QOCO we can offer you:

Fast-paced, continuously evolving work role
Ability to take responsibility and develop your skills
Support and encouragement from our crew of experienced professionals
International team from diverse backgrounds
Possibility for fully remote work

If this sounds like it could be a match, please send your application in through our website.

For questions and more information, you can also contact Head of Employee Experience Daniela Bensky (daniela.bensky@qoco.fi, phone +358 50 486 9911) directly.
